📖 Update release expectations (#554)
operator-framework/operator-controller: RELEASE.md

# Release Process for OLM v1

## Choosing version increment

The `operator-controller` project is in its initial development phase and has yet to have a Major release, so users should assume that breaking changes may be seen in Minor releases as defined [here](https://semver.org/#spec-item-4).

In general, the `operator-controller`` will only support Minor releases until it has reached a degree of stability and adoption that the benefits of supporting Patch releases outweighs the costs of supporting this release workflow. If a member of the community strongly desires a patch release addressing a critical bug, they should submit an issue and it will be considered on a case-by-case basis. 

> In the future, we hope to move to a model in which version increments adhere strictly to Semantic Versioning. In short:

Reviewer: Technically, we _are_ already adhering to semver versioning because the semver spec has a carve out for breaking changes being permissible in `0.Y` versions.

Author: Perhaps something like 
```suggestion
In the future, the `operator-controller` will have a major release in which we'll adopt the following Semantic Versioning guarantees:
```

Reviewer: Your edit lgtm.
